---
permalink: /
title: "🌼 Hello, I'm Yuci! 🌼"
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---





👩‍💻 I'm a master's student in Computational Linguistics at Saarland University.

📚 My study focuses on Natural Language Processing, with additional knowledge in Machine Learning and Data Science.

## 💻 EXAMPLE REPORTS/PROJECTS
### Natural Language Processing

#### Basic NLP
- [Zipf's Law, Random Text Generation Using a n-gram Model, Statistical Dependence](https://github.com/yyuuccii/CoLi_1/blob/main/CoLi_1.ipynb)
- [Comparative Analysis of Sentiment Analysis Techniques and Preprocessing Impact: NLTK/VADER, SpaCy/TextBlob, and HuggingFace](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1hioeSSo9hQ_g_aQTISfR2UZtYFH4GR57/view?usp=sharing): A comparative study on sentiment analysis tasks executed using NLTK/VADER, SpaCy/Textblob, and HuggingFace. We analyzed the results obtained from two versions of code. The impact of preprocessing steps, and sentiment analysis methods on the performance was assessed through confusion matrices generated by all three models.

#### Advanced NLP
- [Job Application Generator Using Langchain and LLM](https://github.com/yyuuccii/JobApplicationGenerator): Generate a personalized application letter for a job position with Langchain. It involves using the Llama-3.1-70b-versatile version to extract job details from a job description, converting the information into a vector database using chromdb for similarity search between relevant projects and query (job description), and creating a tailored application letter using the same LLM.
- [Comparative Analysis of BERT Variants on Sentiment Analysis](https://drive.google.com/file/d/13RJ4inZYD4eEdOVK9lHhEQ64VAs1WgSs/view): Compare BERT-base with RoBERTa, DistilBERT, and ALBERT by adding one linear layer to the pre-trained models, focusing on their performance and efficiency in sentiment analysis. Metrics like accuracy, F1-scores, and training time were used for evaluation.
- [IT Service Ticket Classification with DistilBERT](https://github.com/yyuuccii/TextClassification_ITService/tree/main): Classify IT service tickets into predefined categories by the descriptions of IT problems using a DistilBERT-based model. The model architecture includes a pre-trained DistilBERT as a feature extractor, followed by a custom classifier composed of fully connected layers with ReLU activations and dropout for regularization, achieving a test accuracy of 74.73%.
- [Expense Tracker with Flask and Streamlit](https://github.com/yyuuccii/ExpenseTracker): A web application that helps users manage their finances by tracking income and expenses. Built with Streamlit for the frontend and Flask for the backend.


### Computer Vision  
- [Yoga Pose Classification with custom CNN, ResNet50, and MobileNet](https://github.com/yyuuccii/ImageClassification_YogaPose): Explore yoga pose classification using three models: a custom CNN, ResNet50, and MobileNet. The custom CNN, designed with four convolutional layers and five fully connected layers, achieves a test accuracy of approximately 55.24%. The ResNet50 and MobileNet model, leveraging pretrained weights with fine-tuning, reaches a test accuracy of around 72.18% and 70.97%, respectively.

## 🤖 SKILLS

* **Programming Languages**: Python
* **Programming Frameworks:** PyTorch, Sklearn, Transformers, NLTK, HuggingFace, Pandas, NumPy, Matplotlib, Seaborn, Langchain, Flask
* **Technologies:** Sentiment Analysis, Text Classification, Text Generation, Image Classification, Supervised Learning
* **Languages:** Mandarin Chinese (Native), English (C1-C2), German(A2-B1) 

## 📝 COURSEWORK
**Relevant Master's Courses:** Foundation of Mathematics, Computational Linguistics, Machine Translation, Computational Psycholinguistics, Python, Data Science






